Refactor metric spaces (#1450)
UniMath/SymmetryBookFormalization: src/metric-spaces/isometries-metric-spaces.lagda.md

```agda
open import elementary-number-theory.positive-rational-numbers

open import foundation.dependent-pair-types
open import foundation.embeddings
open import foundation.equivalences
open import foundation.function-types
open import foundation.homotopies
open import foundation.identity-types
open import foundation.injective-maps
open import foundation.logical-equivalences
open import foundation.propositions
open import foundation.sets
open import foundation.subtypes
open import foundation.universe-levels

open import metric-spaces.functions-metric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.isometries-pseudometric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.metric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.preimage-rational-neighborhoods
open import metric-spaces.pseudometric-spaces
open import metric-spaces.rational-neighborhoods
```

</details>

## Idea

> An
> {{#concept "isometry" Disambiguation="between metric spaces" Agda=is-isometry-Metric-Space}}
> between two [metric spaces](metric-spaces.metric-spaces.md) is an
> [isometry](metric-spaces.isometries-pseudometric-spaces.md) between their
> [pseudometric spaces](metric-spaces.pseudometric-spaces.md), i.e., upper bounds
> on the distance between two points in `A` are exactly the upper bounds of the
> distance between their images in `B`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An
{{#concept "isometry" Disambiguation="between metric spaces" Agda=is-isometry-Metric-Space}}
between two [metric spaces](metric-spaces.metric-spaces.md) is a [map of metric spaces](metric-spaces.functions-metric-spaces.md) `f : A → B` such that upper bounds
on the distance between two points in `A` are exactly the upper bounds of the
distance between their images in `B`.
In other words, it is an
[isometry](metric-spaces.isometries-pseudometric-spaces.md) between their underlying
[pseudometric spaces](metric-spaces.pseudometric-spaces.md).
```

    map-equiv equiv-eq-htpy-map-isometry-Metric-Space

  eq-htpy-map-isometry-Metric-Space :
    ( map-isometry-Metric-Space A B f ~ map-isometry-Metric-Space A B g) →
    (f ＝ g)
  eq-htpy-map-isometry-Metric-Space =
    map-inv-equiv equiv-eq-htpy-map-isometry-Metric-Space
```

> ### An isometry preserves and reflects neighborhoods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Isometries preserve and reflect neighborhoods
```

      f) ＝
    ( isometry-id-Metric-Space A)
  is-retraction-isometry-inv-is-equiv-isometry-Metric-Space =
    is-retraction-isometry-inv-is-equiv-isometry-Pseudometric-Space
      ( pseudometric-Metric-Space A)
      ( pseudometric-Metric-Space B)
      ( f)
      ( E)
```

> ### Any isometry between metric spaces is an embedding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Isometries between metric spaces are embeddings
```
